[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>BELINDA WOMACK: So many human
beings are angels incognito.
As you learn to receive, you
help all of humanity to wake
up.
I had to learn this lesson.
If you have the ability
to love, let it grow.
Foster that ability.
It changes the world.
All you need to do is say--
>>REGINA MERIDITH: Belinda
Womack and the Archangels
are back with us to
speak about topics
that are critical to our times.
Among them is the disparity of
resources among human beings.
This pushes about every
button for earthlings,
no matter which side
of abundance we sit on.
So let's get into it.
Welcome back, Belinda.
It's always-- I said you look
like a sherbet ice cream cone.
You could just devour you,
you're so pretty in your pink.
Anyway, welcome back, Belinda.
>>WOMACK: Thank you, Regina.
So let me just bring in
these 12 beautiful angels.
First of all, Regina, we
thank you for your willingness
to bring up this subject.
We definitely believe
that there is a solution
to disparity of resources.
And the solution may
be obvious to some.
It is a simple solution.
But what we offer is our 12
archangel and ascended master.
We can call on all of the
loving beings of heaven
to give you our guarantee,
humanity, this works.
Lack of resources, at
its core, at its root,
is because the feminine,
the divine feminine,
has been pushed back
by the masculine,
especially by the old
male paradigm of control,
by oppression, by certain
aspects of religion that
take away the power of the
human being to receive.
So we're going to teach
humanity how to receive,
because this is the solution.
We not only promise it, but we
say you will experience results
immediately.
All you need to do is
say, with your intention,
or to say these words,
"Thank you, divine feminine."
The divine feminine is
part of your own soul.
The divine feminine is part of
source, mother, father, god,
divine oneness, the universe.
Thank you, divine feminine,
divine mother, for receiving,
through me, all that
I need and more.
Mother Earth is called
Mother Earth for a reason.
Archangel Gaia is
feminine for a reason,
because the feminine
is out of balance.
But one more time we say
the solution is simple.
Humanity has forgotten
how to receive.
You may say, angels, what has
this got to do with disparity?
When human beings do not know
how to receive from source,
they either over give,
which is being actually
in their masculine,
or they take,
which comes from an
inability to receive.
If you are receiving
all that you
need, whether it be fresh air
to breathe, food on your table,
your rent to be paid, clothes on
your back, the divine feminine,
Mother Earth is the
supplier of these resources.
Ask to receive in what you
need just by saying thank you.
And as you do this, those
that only know how to take,
they will begin to wake up.
Yes, they will, because
of divine oneness.
Every human being always
lives within oneness.
And because you, most
powerful human being,
because you live within oneness,
as you learn to receive,
you help all of humanity
to wake up, to stop taking,
to begin receiving.
And one more thing that
we feel we must say
is that there is deception
around the financially
profoundly wealthy.
You have been seeing
them as wealthy.
We see many of them
as incredibly poor,
because they don't
know how to love.
They only know how to take.
And we say taking brings a
karma which means homework.
They are reaping
what they are sowing.
That means there is a cause
and effect for overtaking.
So as you receive--
and you receive through
the divine feminine
at the highest frequency--
those who have been taking wake
up to their incredible poverty
that they don't have love,
they don't have health,
they don't have balance.
And they begin to
want what you have.
So receive.
Receive from source
and the universe
and watch the
miracles, just watch.
We promise and we
keep our promises.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: So that was a
beautiful start to this subject
and a lot of
information if people
go back and listen again.
But I want to ask
further, you, Belinda,
as a student of astrology
understand these.
And I want to know if
the Archangels will
answer this question.
And that is here we
had the Age of Aries,
which was very masculine.
OK?
It had a lot of strong
intellect and mental processes
to it in the Age of Aries.
We moved into the Age of Pisces.
That was to have moved toward
the feminine, toward love.
And now we're moving into or not
that far away-- we're already
on the precipice of moving
into the Age of Aquarius, which
has a higher ideal
and higher thought.
But for a couple
thousand years, we simply
bypassed the Age of
Love as it continued
being dominated by the Age
of Aries and patriarchy,
which led to the Industrial
Revolution and a lot
of scientific breakthroughs,
but it quashed love
as a primary principle.
Can you or the angels,
whoever is speaking to me now,
speak about this a bit
and speak about what
it means to now start moving
into the Age of Aquarius?
>>WOMACK: I feel that the angels
can always do a better job.
So here they are.
What we say to you
is the Sign of Pisces
is very much about suffering.
It's very much about
the unconscious that
is moving around, and
controlling, and driving people
through their
deepest motivations
Pisces, as all signs in the
zodiac from our perspective,
have different frequencies.
And we would say
that Pisces has a lot
to do with religious suffering
and the false indoctrination
that to be a loving human being,
you need to sacrifice yourself,
you need to over give.
Receiving is not a
worthy thing to do.
Basically you are
supposed to be poor,
and suffering, and miserable--
>>REGINA: Worthless.
>>WOMACK: --and worthless.
And worthless.
So the highest
vibration of Pisces
is oneness, bringing
in the truth
that human beings can
never leave divine oneness.
They cannot leave the
heart of the creator.
They can fall down in vibration.
But love is always working,
always pulling like a vacuum
to lift humanity back
up to its divinity.
The energy of Aquarius is
very much about balancing
higher vibrational thought,
which we call truth,
with clear emotion.
Clear emotion means that the
guilt and the resentment,
the unworthiness, the rage,
the hatred has been resolved.
It has been transformed.
So that the energy
of emotion, which
again is the divine
feminine, is holding up
the masculine of thought.
But now we talk about
the divine masculine.
And when that energy
is pure and clear,
it is truth supported by the
human being's gut feeling.
This is truth.
This is real.
It must be love.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Where does the
worthiness piece come in,
moving out of the Piscean
Age, to just start
knowing we're worthy of these
things we're starting to dream,
so we actually take
action on them.
>>WOMACK: Again, our message
is push unworthiness aside.
It is a lie.
You are all divine
children of the creator.
You come from the central sun.
The central sun is
pure, undiluted love.
You come to school room
Earth to experience
love that is the most diluted.
And this is fear.
You come here to
experience this fear.
And with fear comes
separation from source.
You begin to believe
the lies of religion
and of other philosophies
that tell you that you don't
come from mother-father god.
You don't come from source.
So therefore, you
are so unworthy.
And you're guilty, so, so
guilty of crimes, and sins,
and acts that you have no memory
of because you didn't even
do them.
So we say push that aside.
Put it in the color purple, that
energy of your crown chakra.
That is always
there, that energy,
to transform fear
back into love,
and to help you to
ascend to the knowing,
to the real knowing
in your molecules.
You are divine human being.
You can only be
worthy of receiving.
And as you embrace this
worthiness, guess what?
You're going to stop taking--
taking from your own self,
from your own reserves that
have long been
emptied, and taking
from others when that's the
last thing you want to do,
and taking from your
beautiful Mother Earth
because you don't
want to harm her.
You're going to stop taking.
This is the root
of unworthiness.
It has turned human beings into
fearful, so fearful, stealing
children.
But we say this is not
who you really are.
You are divine beings.
>>REGINA: And thank you
for that unworthiness
and giving us a tool
to work with on that.
And another I've heard
you say in years past that
is one of the
darkest human traits
you just touched
on a moment ago.
And that is the guilt we carry.
>>WOMACK: From our
perspective, guilt
is the true devil
on schoolroom Earth
because guilt will seduce
you into stepping away
from what your heart is
asking you to do and to be.
Guilt is the slave
master that enslaves you
to living lives that you
don't really want to live,
being married to people
that you don't really
want to be married to
or in relationship with,
working at jobs that you don't
really want to be in that job.
They make you miserable
and take away your health.
This is what guilt does.
But if you remember, guilt
is just an offspring of fear.
You came into this
life with the ability,
energetically, to
transform guilt
and to transform the
fear that generates
the guilt. Learn to love
the color purple and violet.
We say any shade works,
just be in it and say,
I forgive it all, even if I
don't know what I'm forgiving.
Forgiveness is one of the
most powerful, transformative
qualities of love.
Love is the greatest power.
Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
One thing you like to
talk to about and share
is about the innate
interconnectedness between all
of us and why it's so
important to be aware of that
at this time.
And I would like you to,
please, share on that.
And then I want to go
into the other realms.
And I'll be specific in
what I ask you about,
but you say that
the other realms
are right under our noses.
There are so many different
beings and species
that would love
to share with us,
give us information, help
us with our creativity,
give us energy, even
help with tasks.
We're surrounded by
lovely realms of helpmates
and most of us, a,
don't know they're there
and, b, don't know what to
do with them even if we did
know they were there.
So if you can, please,
take it from there.
>>WOMACK: So divine
oneness is the creator.
Divine oneness is source.
Divine oneness is the universe.
Every particle of
God's energy of source
is part of divine oneness.
If we take a human being,
the entire universe
is within you through your
own particles of energy.
Your mitochondria
communicate with all beings
of the universe at all time.
Your gut biome is communicating
with the rest of divine oneness
at all times.
Your ego, which is your
personality, the expression--
or you may even think of it as
the incarnation of your soul--
is just too limited
to understand this.
And with this, we say take
your consciousness and hear us.
That through you, human
being, you have access
to every other human being
that lives on schoolroom Earth,
as well as every being
in the great universe.
And so when you want to help
the poor, or the disadvantaged,
those who are suffering,
all we ask for you to do
is to say where are you
within me suffering ones?
Where are you within me angry
ones, powerless, helpless ones?
Where are you?
Through the love within
me, I lift you up
and energetically,
vibrationally I
send you back to the central
sun to receive everything
that you need, that you
desire, that will bring you
true happiness.
If every human being, or even
a handful of human beings,
would do this prayer, you
will see your schoolroom
change radically,
positively, miraculously,
so very, very quickly.
The power to transform
is within you.
Those suffering human beings,
they are not outside of you.
They are not outside
of divine oneness.
They are within you.
So take your ego,
the only part of you
that can believe that you are
separate from everyone else,
bring it home to your heart
and say let's go find them,
the lost ones, the
abused children.
Those suffering from sex
trafficking, and drug abuse,
and addiction, and violence,
let's go find them.
Let's go find the
abandoned ones within self
and lift them up with
love and send them home.
And yes, there are
angels everywhere
to help support and hold
this vibration of oneness
and healing.
You have heard us
say this before,
but your pets, well,
they are angels.
Elephants are seraphim angels.
Dolphins are cherubim angels.
We're not giving
titles, we're just
giving a little bit of
frequency, as Regina would say.
These great beings
have intelligence,
shall we say access to
intelligence, far greater
than most human beings choose
to use, not all human beings.
The trees are angelic beings.
There are fairy realms that
parallel with your reality.
All over your planet,
there are vortexes
that create portals
between heaven, which
just means there is no fear.
Vortexes that are
creating doorways,
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] between
heaven and Earth everywhere.
And beings from all over the
universe, the great cosmos,
are coming to your Earth to
help lift up consciousness
all the time.
All the time.
We say to you, we are
part of divine oneness--
every fairy, every gnome, every
tree spirit, every sea nymph.
And so we live within you
as you live within us.
You are never, ever alone,
even if you want to be.
And you can be sure
we are helping.
If you want to have direct
communication with us,
just say thank you, tree
angels for carrying me,
for lifting me, for
straightening my spine
so that I can walk in truth.
We are here.
>>REGINA: Love all of them, and
particularly the tree angels.
And so this is kind of
a light-hearted question
in that we have all of
these different groups.
And some of them are playful.
And some of them are
even mischievous.
So a couple questions,
what is the kind of point
of playing within
the realms of sort
of mischievous
little leprechauns,
gnomes, and so forth that
might play a little games,
or trick us, or take things
and hide them from us
and bring them back?
Tell us about those guys.
>>WOMACK: So Regina, the
angels are asking me, Belinda,
to answer this question.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WOMACK: So I had
to learn this lesson
I had fairies take jewelry
from me once upon a time.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WOMACK: And it
completely disappeared.
And I knew it was right
there, but it was gone.
And I had to learn to value
the treasures within me
and stop taking
them for granted.
And the moment that that
thought came in my mind--
>>REGINA: There it was.
>>WOMACK: --there it was.
It reappeared.
>>REGINA: I've done this too.
>>WOMACK: So they're teachers.
They're teachers.
They're teaching us that
whatever disappears--
so say it's gold coins, they're
saying where is your wealth?
Look within.
How creative are you being?
Are you doing the work
that your soul wants to do?
Are you using that golden power?
If you're using that, we'll
return your coins to you.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING] I love it.
What about the notion that
some of the people walking
the earth actually have been
in these rooms themselves?
>>WOMACK: So many human
beings are angels incognito.
Some are fairies.
Some are gnomes.
Some are ascended masters,
which means teachers that
are walking the earth again.
Everything is evolving.
The way the universe
works is it is always
recycling so that consciousness
of oneness is evolving.
So, yes, those that
you meet that you say,
wow, that human being--
>>REGINA: They feel like
a little fairy to me.
>>WOMACK: Exactly-- is so
loving, so incredibly loving.
Maybe that's an angel.
That human being probably
is on a soul level.
They still have their
lessons and challenges.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOMACK: But their soul
sings with the rest of us.
>>REGINA: I love it.
Another thing I
was going to ask--
and I can ask you or
I can ask the angels,
and you guys decide
between you--
one thing I've always
been curious about, which
is a hybrid creature somewhere
in between humans and sea
nymphs, it's the whole
world of what were called
mermaids and mermen, I guess.
Do those beings, did
they exist physically?
Do they exist physically?
And what was their role as
compared to, for example,
dolphins, which you
said are the cherubim?
And then I have a couple
of other questions, too.
And I want to get into--
I don't want to get
let anyone get away
without the law of
attraction thing here.
OK?
>>WOMACK: The merpeople
are very, very rar--
real.
Forgive Belinda because
she was going to say they
are rare now on your Earth,
but they are still here.
They know how to
avoid human eyes,
but they are still
here in small numbers.
So you may say, oh, angels,
you have gone crackers.
There surely cannot be
merpeople on schoolroom Earth.
And we say, well, listen to us.
Each and every human being
is dreaming their reality
into being.
There are many, many
parallel realities.
And some human beings
are creating nightmares,
while some are honoring
the incredible richness
and love of Lemuria.
So during this plane of
schoolroom Earth when
fear was introduced,
yes, to be experienced,
merpeople were everywhere.
They were everywhere.
And they have an
angelic quality.
They heal through sound.
They can transform
into a dolphin.
They prefer being
seahorses, by the way.
They love that magical creature.
And if you've ever
seen a seahorse,
it looks like a
being with a crown.
So they hold the vibration
of clear, pure feeling.
Love that is expressed
through feeling, right?
Like you feel it, you embody it.
They are very, very
important to the evolution
of your schoolroom.
And what we invite
you to do is just--
whenever you would like
is just to close your eyes
and ask for your
own guardian angels
to take you into the galaxies
where the merpeople thrive.
They will welcome you.
They know your language.
They are here incognito.
>>REGINA: Oh, beautiful.
And what about the whales?
>>WOMACK: The whales are a
seraphim-cherubim fusion.
So seraphim-- this is
Archangel Michael--
brings in pure, clear thought.
The cherubim bring in pure,
clear divine, mother emotion.
The whales are truly
teachers singing, harmonizing
for all of humanity the
balance of the divine feminine
with the divine
masculine so that there
can be true unity and progress.
>>REGINA: Beautiful.
I wanted to talk to you
about the Law of One,
because you've said
before that will--
people think they
can use their will
and will these
desires into reality.
And you're saying, no,
will is not enough.
And this is something
I've witnessed and watched
people do for decades.
And it's one of my
favorite topics,
because I don't think people
understand, in general, what
the actual law of attraction is.
If you can talk about
that for a moment?
>>WOMACK: So we
would respectfully
like to help your
listeners, your watchers,
understand the Law of One and
how it works with the highest
frequency Law of Attraction.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WOMACK: So the Law of
One is that we are all one.
And when one is
harmed, all are harmed.
When one is helped,
all are helped.
Yet there was incredible love
put into this foundational law
of schoolroom Earth.
You see, the "one"
referred to when
one is harmed is referring
to all of divine oneness.
Quantitatively, for the
purpose of this discussion,
most of divine oneness
prefers the vibration
of undiluted love.
Meaning there is no fear.
So the majority rules.
All of one cannot be harmed.
So when one is harmed,
you may experience it
but it is immediately
lifted up--
even if on your Earth, it
seems like it takes lifetimes--
because when one is
helped all are helped.
The Law of Attraction,
when you use this law--
which simply means schoolroom
Earth works as a mirror--
what is within you is
always without you.
Because it goes like
this-- as above, so below,
heaven on Earth.
As within, meaning within
your humanity, so without.
So if you bring in
more divine oneness,
love, because you want to
help all concerned then
what you can be
sure is that you are
working with the
Law of Attraction
at its highest vibration
or frequency of love.
So you can only draw
to you more heaven,
which means more healing, more
freedom, more prosperity, more
opportunity.
This is the way that
your school was designed.
Now human will,
this is something
that the ego gets to
play with and experience
on schoolroom Earth.
What we are talking about
is the will of the ego.
And we say remember,
the ego, it is illusion,
but it can believe
that it has the ability
to run away from soul and say,
I don't want to have anything
to do with my divinity.
I want to be a rascal.
I want to go rogue.
And then free will,
yes, that ego,
gets to experience free will
and create some destruction.
But we say the ego is
such a small part of you.
And whenever the
soul chooses, it
says, OK, rebel
child of mine, you
have done enough destruction.
And it brings that
ego back home.
It will bring that ego back
home, because the Law of One
is always working.
When the soul has
dominion over the ego,
and it can say enough attracting
what only brings you misery.
Let's rise up and bring in
something better to experience.
>>REGINA: One thing
I've noticed when
it comes to bringing in those
things that actually serve
and feed us in our
lives is when the desire
is coming from something
very real, like a desire
to feel connected
with others, a desire
to feel like your
work is meaningful,
and to feel joy of, say,
connection with others,
whatever that may
be, relationship.
I notice that if you stay on the
feeling level rather than the
to do list level,
the will level, which
has images and expectations
associated with it,
it just flows so
much more smoothly.
Because the feeling
is the essence of what
you really want.
All those other
pictures and everything
pasted over it are surrogates
for the thing we seem to really
be desiring most of the time.
>>WOMACK: Feeling is
fueled by the feminine.
Feminine is emotion.
Masculine is thought.
Pure feminine is pure emotion.
And so when it comes
from feelings of love,
meaning you're happy--
and human beings, you
deserve to be happy--
then feelings, which are
mental messages deciphering
the emotion,
describing the emotion,
then you have that pure
feminine and pure masculine.
So your will is at
the highest vibration.
We throw in some
gratitude, because it truly
is the best attitude,
that gratitude for what
makes you happy and
lifts you up, and feels
so good, and so
true, and so right.
Then human beings,
you get to feel
what we feel here in heaven.
>>REGINA: Yes, that
makes so much sense.
And I won't go into
it, but I've had
a lot of personal
observation and experience
with the whole notion of
staying with these deeper
feelings of what
we're truly trying
to feed back to ourselves
rather than thoughts.
Mental thoughts don't ever seem
to get people to the same place
that those deeper feelings of
desire on the deepest levels
do.
So I thank you for that.
And I wanted to ask
you one more thing
before we bring
Belinda back with us
and that is you say that
your realm of beings,
and archangels, and the
other realms surrounding us
and watching us--
I'm sure it's a hoot
to watch what we're
up to, probably quite
painful, but you say
you're not worried about us.
You're not worried about where
we're ultimately going here.
>>WOMACK: Oh, we
see the progress
that divine oneness is making
through the human experience.
So is there great confusion
and incredible fear
on schoolroom Earth?
There is.
But more human beings are
choosing love than ever before.
And love is the
greatest unifying force.
And it is the greatest
healing power.
So if you look at what is
happening on schoolroom Earth,
the subconscious of humanity has
been purging for a few decades.
And through that
purging, there is
waking up and transformation.
Oh, we are delighted,
Regina, because there
are more healers on Earth
than, well, let's say,
than human beings have ever
admitted to being before.
And so we find this
incredibly joyful.
And so we say to you,
beautiful human beings,
you are divine beings.
And just understand
every soul that
has expressed itself
through an ego,
those souls are
anchored in love.
No matter how far
away the ego may seem,
or egos may seem, that they have
fallen into fear, conspiracy
theories, darkness,
and just paranoia,
all the souls that are--
they never leave the central
soul which is the central sun--
all of those souls
have great awareness
as to what is happening.
What we ask for you to do
is hold the prayer with us,
thank you, thank you, thank you
that humanity is choosing love,
more on the hour.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And Belinda and I were
speaking privately.
And we were talking
about the times.
We were talking
about the sadness
that we've seen in
the United States,
though it is not exclusive
to the United States.
That these feelings
of resentment,
and division, and racism
have come to the surface
so we can see them now right
in plain day for what they are.
And she shared something
really beautiful with me.
Because what's happening is we
are becoming more integrated
across the board and others
are hanging on to the old ways
and not wanting to
see this happen.
And we were talking about
the beautiful-- for example,
in politics, and even some
of the media as well--
but the beautiful
African-American people brought
here against their will just
a few hundred years ago rising
to positions of--
I don't even want to say power--
of responsibility,
articulate, beautiful,
well-educated
humans that managed
to get past this really
devastatingly difficult past
and are now rising
to the surface
and are representing us across
the board throughout industry,
but also in our own government,
which I'm so happy to see.
And Belinda said to me that
she was shown at one point
that when a Black woman, I
won't say African-American,
but a woman who has black skin
or dark skin enters our dreams,
it's showing us something
very specific and special now.
If you could comment on that,
I would love to hear it.
>>WOMACK: We taught this to
Belinda many years ago now.
You see, everyone in a dream
is actually part of you.
And when a black woman
appears in a dream,
she is the divine mother.
She is the earth mother.
So she is both heaven's
mother and earth's mother
coming to you in a dream
to say, I am here for you.
I am here for you.
And so we say embrace
this powerful mother who--
really, her skin has
all of the colors,
all of the women of your
planet, all of the people
of your planet.
Their skin is a reflection
of different shades
of Archangel Gaia's skin.
If you look at her mountains,
if you look at her soils,
if you look at her
rocks, you will
see all of the shades
from the palest ivory
to the deepest, deepest,
darkest chocolate.
All shades of human skin,
your own divine mother
and Mother Earth, these are
the colors of her own skin.
When she holds all
of you, all of you,
in her heart saying receive from
source, received from the sun.
And you will no longer need
to take my oil and my gas.
And you will find that as
you receive, you feel better.
And all of the pollution
issues and global warming,
it all changes.
And by all means, if I the
divine mother, divine feminine,
appear to you in
a dream receive,
beloved child, receive.
>>REGINA: I love this.
I love this.
And I loved seeing it
exemplified in our skin
as human beings and where
our species is going.
I'm very, very happy
about this, very happy.
And thank you for sharing that
from the archangelic realm
in terms of the
deeper true meaning.
It's absolutely beautiful.
So Belinda, if
there's anything else
that the archangels
would like to say,
this would be a
good time to say it.
If there's anything we've
left uncovered that we'd
like to get through
today, if not,
I'm going to ask you
a few personal things.
>>WOMACK: All I hear
which is what I always
hear is if you have the ability
to love, really celebrate
that, really give gratitude
that you have that ability,
and let it grow.
Foster that ability.
It changes the world
for all concerned.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Lots of powerful
words spoken today.
And you continue
on because you're
working with the
archangels all the time
and you're working
with groups of people.
And you have master classes.
And what do they actually
do in those classes?
What do the archangels and
you do in these master classes
with the people that attend?
>>WOMACK: So many,
many years ago,
almost 30 years ago now,
when I was drafted by the 12
archangels, I had a friend,
who also channeled, tell me
you are the healers' healer.
And I didn't know
what that meant.
So through all these
years, I've observed
that the people that come to
me to receive the messages
from the angels and to receive
insight on why they are here,
they're healers.
They're artists.
They are spiritual illuminators.
And so the angels created
their graduate program, which
just means advanced training.
And what I love
about that training
is it's really about
training to teach
you to love those unlovable
parts, to go deeper within.
So the inner child,
the wounded child,
divine child is really
at the foundation
of all of their training.
They go everywhere.
>>REGINA: The little
Belinda, the little Regina.
>>WOMACK: Absolutely.
That's where they go.
So they teach-- because I'm
the messenger in the channel--
but they teach how you
let the healer in you
rise up, and be seen, and
be heard, and be helpful.
>>REGINA: Great.
We need all the help
we can get right now.
>>WOMACK: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, healers unite.
[LAUGHS] Belinda, thank you so
much as always for your time.
And we never know
exactly what we're going
to expect because it's live.
And each time though, I
find some really beautiful
new truths coming through you.
And I'm sure the
people watching this
have already stopped
it a few times
to write some things down.
And this whole
notion that as we are
able to see the ones
that have, what we
consider, the unlovable
conditions and issues as that
of ourselves and in ourselves.
And it seems kind
of what, for me,
what distilled out of it in
that part of the conversation
was if we can go into a
state where we can feel
that interconnectivity between
ourselves and everyone else,
we're all in this.
And then from that
place, go to the one
who is damaged or hurt in some
way that we're identifying.
>>WOMACK: Yes.
>>REGINA: And then we can say--
and because we've incarnated
so many times, most people,
that we've had
these experiences.
>>WOMACK: Exactly.
>>REGINA: We know
these damaged parts.
We know the parts that
have stolen from another,
that have been raped or abused.
It's already in us.
>>WOMACK: Yes.
>>REGINA: It's
part of our being.
So it shouldn't be that--
>>WOMACK: Yes.
>>REGINA: It's not inaccessible.
>>REGINA: To go in and
to say to this part,
I send you back to the
central sun for healing now.
That's very beautiful
and very direct.
>>WOMACK: It works.
>>REGINA: And it works,
because you're already
doing it with the intention
you're all connected.
So I really got that
one big time out of it.
I love that.
So as always, wonderful to
see your shiny, sherbert face
and being.
I thank you and I thank
the archangels for coming.
And we'll see you
again before too long.
>>WOMACK: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Belinda.
I love these
conversations, as always.
Belinda also has ongoing
classes and group conversations
with the angels in her master
class, as we just spoke about.
You can find out more about
these at BelindaWomack.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]